@W-20540715 MERGE 1CC TO DEVELOP (#3552)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/commerce-sdk-react/CHANGELOG.md

## v4.5.0-dev (Jan 19, 2026)

> - Upgrade to commerce-sdk-isomorphic v4.2.0 and introduce Payment Instrument SCAPI integration [#3552](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/3552)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrade to commerce-sdk-isomorphic v5.0.0 and introduce Payment Instrument SCAPI integration [#3552](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/3552)
```
